you know I take everything a second at a
time and that's how I get through
everything you know you take it a second
at a time and all of a sudden you're
overcoming things that you never think
you could eat your you're dominating
your life in ways that you never knew
possible and it's the same thing with
park port you're overcoming obstacles
you never thought you could only because
you're not you're not anticipating the
future if you anticipate what's going to
happen next you miss out on everything
that's in front
parkour is one big learning experience I
learn about my fears i learned what I'm
capable of you know it's it's been told
to me that I'll never know what I'm
fully capable of until I'm faced with
the situation and that's completely true
parkour forces me into those situations
the only way to truly understand parkour
is to go out and experience it to do it
for yourself to find your own path and
that's that's really the only way
anybody will ever be able to understand
my words only means so much and compared
to the movements themselves compared to
the experience compared to what you
learn about yourself my words mean
nothing
when the passion outweighs the
inconvenience you know it's it's it's a
beautiful thing because I'm willing to
to go through hell and high water just
to be able to go out
parkour is the opposite associate it it
contradicts all the social ones that
there are Park Lords
it's all about finding your own path and
social ones prevent that they set a path
for summer and you're forced to follow
that or you're not part of the crowd
you know if I wake up in the morning and
everything is the same we're all the
same we all have the same haircut we all
were the same clothes we all do the same
things we all have the same perspective
that's not life that's just that's
confinement you know when so many people
live inside of that can find me
clarcor really it forces an individual
to to be an individual it forces
thinking outside the box it forces you
to eliminate the idea of the box without
the idea of a box you're free you know
just to say to that parkour is thinking
outside the box now and parkour there is
no mas
Parker has brought meaning to my life
because it's opened my eyes to
everything around me
you know if you just take everything and
embrace it instead of looking at it as
one more thing to deal with all of a
sudden everything changes
you have to free yourself ultimately
parkour allows you to do that
it accelerates what you can do it it
amplifies everything that you are it
shows you what you're capable of its the
anti-semites and anti fear to Aunt I
hate it is everything that is good in my
life so for me to be standing on top of
building have someone look at me and
have them call me stupid like you know
you're stupid you're gonna die what are
you thinking you are you crazy no I'm
not crazy I'm free you're you're limited
you restricted you're confined you're in
your own mindset that's stuck its work
is it sits in one tunnel that you can't
get out and I feel sorry for you you
know it's it's not I mean sure people
think I'm stupid sometimes that's their
problems there's nothing that I can do
about that unless they offer me the
opportunity
it's just a new level of freedom it's a
new level of thinking it's sharing with
each other it's learning from each other
it's it's constantly embracing
everything and using it to learn using
it to overcome you know it's optimism
it's love it's happiness its kindness
its community its movement its passion
it's everything it's life
you